Privacy Policy 

Your privacy is important to Music Player. Our Privacy Policy covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. We hope our policy is straightforward and easy-to-understand. Please take a minute to review the details of our privacy practices below.

Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information

We may collect non-personal information, such as data that does not allow direct association with any specific individual. Non-personal data is collected, used, transferred, and disclosed for a number of purposes. These purposes include the use of cookies and other technologies that give us a better understanding of our users' needs. We use information collected from cookies to improve users' experience and the overall quality of our services.

Collection and Use of Personal Information
No personal information will be collected when you are using the Music Player. 

When you use our email support services, we collect your correspondence in order to build up a public knowledge base, which will be available to all users of the site. Your correspondence will most likely not be used verbatim, but paraphrased in an FAQ format.
We use the information collected through Music Player product: (I) to communicate with you; (II) to process your requests and transactions; (III) to improve the app; (IV) to customize the services and/or products we provide to you; (V) to assist with our product and service development; (VI) to perform marketing analysis; and (VII) for other purposes related to our business.

Transparency and Choice
You can also control which social websites you wish to share or upload. 
 
Third party accounts
Music Player is not integrated with any any social media accounts.

Enforcement
We regularly review our own compliance with our Privacy Policy. If you submit a formal written complaint, we will contact you and try our best to resolve the issue.

Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change occasionally. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without providing explicit, advance notice. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, in the event of significant changes, we will provide a more prominent notice (such as an email notification). 

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by mailing to ravikumar.ee@gmail.com